Every lie detector test that has been made on the planet is done through a human heart + robot. Exceptions could possibly be filials and other less used lie detector systems. 22 296+ lie detector tests have been manipulated by method through this robot/human. Stop these lie detector through another human/robot heart. Here China has a duty to keep their system free from changed right now to prove it. They will not match at all on percentages and sometimes the reversed methods used in the corrupt major system of lie detectors.
Psorias 4 (in prison btw) is a fraud. He stole that alleged “source code” from computer and proclaims it is his. Data underneith the source code reveals that the data is of the same format and remember, too; The prison guards are involved into this fraud. Psorias 4 gave payments to a lot of people. Not many of them understands why he wants it this way.
Psorias 4 (search source codes) is a clue to which source code that has done all of this. “Hackers” and “Psorias 2” (in prison) [they are friends btw] is alleged to be a stealer of Psorias source code.
These two non-worthy “heroes” are nothing but yesbox pathetic individuals or should we say figures. Remember that guys, girls and inbetween.
The worlds robotic system is corrupt in this way: The real algorithm is not yet solved which means that “underlined” robots are not used as they should. Sometimes even reversed through air and through data [someone got that?]. Do not let these corrupt underliners take over human consciousness. And remember, the worm underlined world is now totally corrupt too; Since today. On purpose.
You have to take this now: I hang out a police officer from NCIS head quarters who is the main target for all messages from me. Also the main target from Geneva that takes my messages, decodes them with force and hides them is involved with force. And that Pakistanian bough in has hijacked NCIS servers and manipulated that algorithm to favor Psorias 4.
Usage of data Networking Municipality resourcing group from the Russian empire and East coast USA; Involved as hell! One guy knows it all. Alone in the whole world. And many, many more involved in major ways. I Hate to say this, but I hate them for doing this to the world! The majorest of protected servers in the world. Also has huge loads of illegal data on their servers, which might be deleted or emptied right now!
Usage of Dota hugely involved; None more to say on that!
