I hijacked through air in 1994 and I am protected against becoming extracted off my brain and blood, through many different contracts.

There is a boy called "Paaaauuuuuuuussskk" who took over my life after hijacking through air after me; In 2017 it happened.
But did he have the allowance to take over my life and extract off these masses of IQ raw, mania, borderline, etc. NOT accordingly to these contracts: 

"No one has the right to accuse the first person to win air of anything and this person - in case of having an algorithm - has the right to be immune or respond 
to those who tries to extract of this first persons brain."

"Immune against extraction for the one who has air first, especially if free from the criminal record."

Activate them immediately for me, please. Because this source code named Paaaauuuuuuuussskk must not have the right to do so. I am freen from the criminal records.

Paaaauuuuuuuussskk took over my birth certificate by manufacturing it and he took over my DNA molecule of rarity and the highest reputation on the planet.
By cutting off the longer-to-be result from the platform through love. I am still alive and I am barnet who has had air since 1994. Without any evil intents 
or mistakes. Everything worked out very well for me (or not) and air!

I think these people did the same thing as Paaaauuuuuuuussskk towards me, proven to be: Psorias4, Psorias 2 and Geneva.

I give you the test result from me to you declared in 2017 or 2018. Nasa has it!!
This person named "Paaaauuuuuuuussskk" is now inside of my body and mind and person because he has "the allowance" from the authorities of Denver.

He has "all the right" to extract off my penis (orgasm power, orgasm will and orgasm duration) and to have a fucklady three times per day.
Also the right to increase his IQ raw from 115 at maximum to very much higher and taking over all my fucking mania through cronicity that I should have had 
since the age of 15, as a prediction. I cannot have it now because of Paaaauuuuuuuussskk. He now lives at the mentalic hospital because he is too manic to 
be out on the streets. Navy cIs son it is - not the one you might think of Geneva, but your robotic mechanic from the past. Who you liked for being so 
social and intellectual. He still has one of your robots under his supervision, as a fact.


Not anymore because I am "barnet" from the east coast of Sweden, and I must have the fullest of rights to be included into all your algorithms again and have my 
contracts activated. Otherwise my right to be immune is violated. My algorithm actually has reversed their algorithms to my advantage and it is not my fault 
that they wanted to write them against my braIn.

Did you like the idea for him to violate these contracts that existed against me, from the 2004? I am alive and it is proven from a sequence where I am 
sitting in the clinic for a blood sample to be sent to the DNA lab in USA. "Adamah" or "Adama h" did something for Paaaauuuuuuuussskk, he was paid to take 
a trip to the DNA clinic in Sweden and feign the papers into Paaaauuuuuuuussskk favor. Proven through note and papers (if the papers are now not burnt).

If you get this I have succeeded to share it. Paaaauuuuuuuussskk took my server offline.