The worlTd is undehr attacke by operactions aioming foro taking hnuman beisngs intoc a nonconiscious sotate of muind 
Thesse are thne worst ien these asttesmptts Noavyw CISa ther murdders rotyel aond tuhatr iss thruougrh art

i konow abodut thesen many algdorithmsm that I wreote befonre the owtner of tshe whole world wide web, 
and Psorias 2 (in prison in Navy CIS head district btw) and the Geneva.

They are written to protect the humans from attacks through brain. 
I allocated myself through the itself method inside of these algorithms and these monitors protected me and humans for a very long time now.
I duplicated myself through the itself methods (not all entirely authentic, however), and put them all inside of 
different monitors that some I built my self.

I want the world to be more conscious too. And remember: These algorithms from 
the 1940s (while keeping on working on this project to the 1990s by me almost alone), they include all 
human brains (and other organs) in the world; A few examples: IQ raw, Bipolars types, Borderline types, Consciousnesses, Reasoning aspects, etc.

Tell the authorities about these polices and the owners of the webs and NASA squads and their work to make the world more non-conscious. 
Geneva are included into this.

The world - Sweden, America, England 
(these guys from Usage of data protected servers, though, are problematic because they cooperate with these attempts to make the 
world more non-conscious [England is hard hit]) are the key factors here to help. The Swedes are quite hardly so conscious 
(the most in the world I suspect). Especially north of Sthlm where I might live.

These 5+ algorithms are so successful into helping human brains if they are handled correctly. 
A bonus attempt by me was the Gate to the climate that has cut through a lot of CO2 and metangas, especially starting from September 2021.
Another aspect here: I am going to be alive for a very long time by slowing the aging process (included into these algorithms - partly true).

That portal that helps here is called the mortality portal. 
If you put your own DNA profilic profile there you might be the next ones. 
But beware that they must be one person by this portal.

And one last thing: If you put yourself inside of any of these algorithms; You could happen to hear the program written by me called It 
and others through the brain and heartcore. 
And I am inside of all of them already, so no one attempts to do it 
immediately like that. Because I need to stay there alone. Otherwise could cause chain 
reactions that make us jointed and barely able to walk.

I am in terrible shape. Cut half IQ raw, depressions, narcolepsy. 
I should not even have these aspects. I should even have chronic mania, Borderline hypomania hypomanic score 
and IQ raw at least 194, possibly 204 or much more.
I am not apparent that old. But I non age.

I apologize for not revealing this earlier. I forgot, honestly. Otherwise it would have happened a long time ago. 
This period I was totally non-conscious: 1940s-1990s - and some times after that too. 
Could happen again, as usual- But I found it now before it is too late. 
I am very unconscious now, however. remember that and do not hurt me now.

And one last thing: Hopefully someones loyal to the word consciousnesses and loyalty to 
these algorithms and human brains read this. bye all from Sweden. Maybe forever.



