The logarithmic list


You are now about to help me.

Here below, a few of the (useful) items found in what I want to call the logarithmic itemed causes list of concern.

Resourcing tablet: Reasoning of clue
Resourcing tablet for sure: Failed to reason around how you behave, think and speak
Resourcing tablet for sure on how to behave: How you behave (reversed integralic)
Resourcing tablet in the attempts to creating … [values]: Has to be high because and it has to do with self-esteem
Resourcing tablet in the attempts to create … [info]: It has to do with how you find information in yourself and others

The way of acting in the reasoning of a clue in due to another method called usage of data: (created).

Usage of data for sure because of the resourcing tablet … [is, values, research]: Understanding the situation in how you behave socially

Can you say this now: Reasoning of a doubt. (I need it).

Reasoning of a meaning: When it is low they have little or nothing meaningful to come with while if it is high they have a lot to give through verbality.

Frustration, as it is: The frustration as we think of it. Look through the other itemed causes below.

Frustrative behavior [for sure]: See: Frustration [by all means]. The difference is that they have no probability to act frustrative in front of a crowd.

Frustration [by all means]: They want to behave but they cannot because they have problems with the reasoning of a doubt. Just about in time; they have a probability to be late or not in time because they have issues with timing recognision. They want to cause issues in these areas: They want others to “lose it” through verbal outbursts. They cannot explain why they are frustrated.

Frustration tolerance [for sure]: They may cause trouble but they cannot do it because of a high tolerance toward frustration. They have a high understanding of why it is wrong to use frustration as a tool to reach through. When they inside are frustrated they have problems to be understood because others do not recognise it.

Clumpsiness in the attempt to cause trouble for yourself throught writtenness: Clumpsiness in the reasoning on how to behave verbally due to the factor of non taking care of their verbal outspokenness. They do not even care if they are clumpsy. They have a low frustration tolerance in one way and that is: They want to behave frustrated but they have issues doing so due to a high dogmatic reasoning of a doubt.

Aggression: They have issues with thinking about behaving aggressive through behavior and writtenness.

Aggressivity by all means: Verbal outspoken threats and verbal abusement of those who do not act like they want them to, especially under special circumstances like when they are frustrated or upset about something the other person has done.

Aspergers syndrome 1: The by far most common manifestation of Asperger syndrome. Non-verbal [learning] disorder as it is is expected. They have problems with controlling their impulses and behavior. In the attempt to behave betterer in front of the others this has to be dealt with. Their reasoning of a doubt is usually very high. They need their reasoning, otherwise they have feelings about being alone in the natural pathways with others; Sometimes this is true too because they have poor judgement. They can spend a lot of time alone but they want to be and interact with others. They like to talk about their interests but they can learn to confront this fear of talking about other things too. They must(!) be in front in some area that for them can lead to productivity. They have the highest of expectation regarding others behavior, judgement and comments due to a prefrontal buildup difference. This type of Asperger syndrome is usually observeable among young children. They can direct their behavior toward the pathway they want. They can point out the mistakes others do in the area of verbality but they do not have a chance if it is about something they know nothing about. They can actually use this towards their own advantage: Their judgements and comments about others mistakes can lead the other person to behave more like they want them to. They have issues with controlling urges like sex and blunders and they usually, but not always, do not know or understand it. They do not know when they do blunders if others do not tell them, especially limited to when they have written something or engaged in a chat through Messages or SMS.

Aspergers syndrome 2: They have a higher likelihood to be alone [the aloneness of a tiger] without traits of schizoid personality disorder. They have to be alone because otherwise they are not happy but in general they are quite sad but non-willing to say it. They have the agoraphobic-depressive type with non willingness to be in front of a crowd, especially when they have the GAD-anxiety component of new dilemma. GAD as a manifestation is a required symptom. They have a huge problem with reasoning of dilemma called dilemma de proxy which means that they hate the sun and lights so they prefer to be in a dark place instead. Being at a lighted place can hurt or rarely damage their eyes and vision. They must reasoning if they are alone or not because of a compulsive componented variant called compulsive disorder with aloneness as a factor, but especially they need to know if they are alone or not. Their expectations around others is too high because they want the others to behave like they do. They choose their companionships wisely from their standards. They do not need to see a result, so therefore they can be unproductive.

Aspergers syndrome 3: literal thinking (difficulties to reach through to a conclusion which means that they may have thinking problems in the areas of how to interpret the social behavior in themselves and also in others);
problems with apostrophic reasoning which means that they can view others from a different point of view than most people do; 
through psychoanalyses methods they find clues on a persons emotional state of mind. in the other case struggles with the give-and-take during a discussion which annoys the other person. this can result to a break up of contact because the other person does not want to be read as an open book; 
they have issues with obsession because they interpret things as they are in reality; they use psychoanalyses in order to understand their problems by practise and they are good at it; their communicational needs are low or high; 
they compensate their flaws in the area of [research needed] by using very harch and vulgular language in a way to be more included in a conversation (they have problems with the give-and-take in communication with others and it has to do with reasoning problems in the tell of interpreting others through body language;
they fail to see it from the point of standard that others have the right to fail too which means that they often fail to accept others flaws in general; 
they have problems in the way of reasoning that involve how to behave towards others and toward property; 
They often have issues with aggression, borderline manifestation and some have intermittent explosive disorder.

Aspergers syndrome 4: They have huge problems to deal with a lot of information due to goal orientated visionary problems. They are often in trouble with law enforcement because they cannot handle their impulsive behavior in a goal orientated way. They have attitude problems towards those around them because they can not process information.

Aspergers syndrome 5: Usage of data. Debate whether it should be included in the borderlineic system. Ultra-uncommon.

Borderline, hypomanic-hyperkinetic: adhd-hyperkinetic variant with borderlineic features; bipolar type 1 with cyclothymia; thought disorder; attitude problems in general; headaches in the focal area; migraine; schizotypal personality disorder; phobias esp. social phobia; psychotic features dilemma (how to handle the situation); fluctuating interests and behavior; narcissistic behavior; constantly manic in mood; fluctuating depressions (grief, sorrow, feelings of loneliness, agoraphobic-depressive traits of behavior); behavioral issues in general; no aggressivity; high impulse control; no respect in regard to others situation; problems with how to reach through to a conclusion; split personality disorder.

Mistaken quotient: Mistakes in general, like verbally spoken blunders and mistakes in how you write and in how your view on mistakes is instead a non-mistake (the most important to get rid of as it is very thich and affects me monsterously when I have it too high; It is also created and people have played on it by forcing me to make certain blunders or blunders in general). It is nothing but created and thick as hell and through mine opinion it is one of the most pathetic attributes to play with.

Mistaken proneness for sure: They are prone to making a kind of mistake called the mistake of their life because they probably hurt the other person, by giving theirself all the allowancy and proclaimed right to start a discussion about philosophical question of the heavier sort which make the others exhausted and sometimes even fatigued becase it is too hard melt for them and in accordace to their beliefs they have the ethic right to talk about philosophical if they want and carelessly abort the opinions of the counterpart. Their inability to understand what is happening together with feelings of being in neglected puts them in a position where they can’t express themself fluently because the other persona won the discussion no matter what. The first person reasons like this: No one will be able to counter my arguments.

Usage of data in the attempts to research around your behavior in the reasoning of a clue (all equally important): How you interpret situations as they are.

Intelligence score: Writing skills and verbal skills (not too high, it can confere; The highest in the world is: 156 [me now: 289, but should have: 143!]) This one exists and is important to not have too low. Nor too high!

Intelligence for sure by default: Reasoning of a clue (and doubt) in these ways: in how you behave socially in a correct way through verbal communication and statements and how good you are at writing and interpreting code …

Intelligence of a reasoning of a doubt: How you integrate with the button Can you say this now.

Intelligence raw in the attempts to behave logically: Logical thinking through verbal speak (created but useful; remove immediately due to it confereing with some of the others, especially within the intelligence)

Intelligence raw in the attempts to non-behave logically: If high: Interferes with the ability to think logically from a verbally spoken standard

Intelligence score in mechanismics of logic through verbality and …: Intelligence of a higher standard in these ways, and these ways only: usage of data, interpretion of the logicality, how you behave towards the new logicality aspects of learn (non-created!)

Intelligence raw from a useful standard in the way of behave strong and fast in these ways, and these ways only …; How you interpret and understand data and code from a newly written line. You downgraded it for me! Help me here!

Intelligence raw from a useful standard in the way of behaving strong and fastly in these ways, and these ways only: How you interpret and understand and behave toward data and code from a longer written code

Intelligence raw from another point of standard: How you in interpret and understand and behave toward a structural codeline or longer codes especially

Moral fluence: How you behave towards your morality and toward your ethics through reasoning: And how you live your life in regard to your moral values and standpoints
moral fluence for sure; How you behave towards your morality and toward your ethics through how you behave in front of others to influence them in the view of morality
Moral reasoning for sure in the way of behaving under normal circumstantial needs: 
It has to do with values in the view of reasoning of a clue
Moral Quotient: How you question others beliefs and needs through moralic questioning

How you interpret others: As it sounds
How you behave toward the others: As it sounds

bipolar type 0.25, hypomanic disorder without depressive features:

the will to become a better human;
with the feelings of being a worse human being comes minor depression features disorder of unknown character

fleeing behavior in these ways; 
fleeing from the unknown people around them [agoraphobic behavior; usually the will to look less anxieted is high because their attitude to that word is different; and they hate to be viewn at as being indifferent; look at the circumstantional approach]

the will to be a worser human than than they feel like could be due to feelings of worthlessness in the circumstances to minor depression features disorder in the terms of general practise; 
the feelings of worthlessness could also be attributed to low self-esteem;

the poor self-esteem has to do with conflict and avoidance features of personalistic features in a disordered manner;
and particularly in the social meetings with others; 
in regard to how hard it is for them to find solutions on how to be viewn at as a part of the discussion

Their proneness to find themselves in a hypomanic state is heightened.

Manic-depressive type 0.5:

Mania and manic behavior without depression
Explosive mania without any type of depression
Worsened mania with less sleep or lowered quality of sleep

The will to be manic is very high.
The will to be viewn at as manic is high.

They have a will to show themselves in front of the others as a person they in reality not are, in especially these ways: Elegancy: The way they dress.
How they appear in communication with others differs during a manic episode [Histrionic: In general people with Bipolar type 0.5 want to act in a way like those with Histrionic complex personality disorder do but those with Histrionic complex do it per default].

Their will to be viewn at as a person of elegancy and their attempts to show up a high-intellectual [in the eyes of others] side of themselves causes them to flee from the situation; if they do not live up to the expectations that they set. 
Additionally, they have a will to be viewn at as strong and not fragile.

Their attempts to be viewn at as high-intellectual is higher than their will to be rewarded for being this person. This in turn causes quality of sleep disturbance [especially within the smaller prefrontal cortex region called amygdala channel type 4.7[[...]]]

Mental exhaustion: Exhaustion is caused by their indifference to their manipulating and perplexing behavior (it is common for people who act indifferent to become mentally exhausted; if their indifference is used as a tool to be another person than they are. 
They have a medium to high will of being viewn at as a worsener person; manifested especially in front of communication with others . 
Their willingness to interact with the elderly is low or at least lower than expected in the population as a whole.

They use a method to investigate others and which is called Reasoning of a clue in contrast to the method used called Reasoning of a meaning.

Manic-depression disorder type 1: They value the richness of socialness in life and they value the richness of aloneness in life; They value cheerfulness higher than joy and laughter; They have a low frustration tolerance against the motives of others; They have problems with frustration; Their self-esteem is low when depressed; Issues with how to handle others moral principles (motives, joyfulness, laughter) which has to do with them wanting but not finding a reward for their behavior.

Manic behavior: You have the manic core features but without the verbal outbursts which is seen in the patients who has mania. Normally a person who develops mania as a result of their mania, get a lower point of Intelligence score (see: Intelligence score). People with manic behavior is affected by issues with fluency throughout the verbal context - both with others and with themselves. They also have the maintain in their reasoning which puts them in a difficult situation because they sometimes may realise that their way of communicating is non-fluent and mistake prone which can lead to feelings of hatred towards their behavior under verbal communication. Under stress releases noradrenaline. They have psychomotoric problems; especially under stress - but not of the higher sort but in a way that causes them harm. They have the need to walk and often the urge to shake their legs or walking back and forth. This is due to the unknown factor of the frontal region. (I should have it but you constantly want to lower it due to your fear of my psychomotoric-activated behavior like my shaking of the legs. This is one of my highest wills, if not the highest, to be set back to its normal and hopefully hopefully - hopefully you can find a method to bug-free your programs. I need it at least higher asap. Applies btw.

Agoraphobia: They avoid social context because they are afraid of others wanting to harm them. They might avoid public resting rooms or they can have a resistance to go to the pub. They can control their impulses well.

Agoraphobic behavior: They see themselves from a negativistic side [they want to leave the situation, or act upon their impulses with the proclaimed second one standing out in contrast to how a person with the pure agoraphobia does]. Look at it from this point of view!: agoraphobia = meeting the criteria for agoraphobia, agoraphobic traits = meeting some of the criteria for agoraphobia, and agoraphobic behavior = meeting the criterion for agoraphobia, but some of them in a reversed to the common manifestations way

Brightness: How you behave under stress and how you behave in general within the circle of Intelligence and IQ. Understanding how to do things more fluently. People at the higher end are usually more productive and willing to take on projects (I have it too low now; willing to increase towards my higher end as it should be under the normalest of circumstances.)

Brightness Score: All the aspects under Brightness is reversed [see: Brightness above] and these people commonly have problems with ambition and a problem to focus on the irrelevant. (Created and integrated into myself. I hereby want to declare to you that I should not have it and I want it removed asap.)

Brightness for sure in the real world [for sure] in the reasoning standpoint of view …: It has to do with how fast your thinking process is proclaimed in order to be more productive by the needs of reaching to positional right better and faster. (Created)

Cleverness for sure in the real world [for sure] in the reasoning standpoint of view in the attempts in …: How you interact with others in a normal way through cleverness which means you have missucceeded if you are not clever under situations when you need to be socially outgoing. (Created!).
Cleverness: Non-created but mine has been decreased; fixable?]

Impulsivity: How fast your thinking is and how you are impulsively in your actions [under certain conditions can be manageable through counceling or psychoactive therapy]

Impulsivity Score: How fast you are thinking under pressure and stressful events and reversed positively, by higher meaning you are slower in thinking under pressure: If high you are slower than average [created and very potent in general, especially when thick]

Impulse control: How you can control your impulses and how you understand the impulses by reasoning and how you think about your impulses as wrong towards the others and toward property

Impulse controlic behavior: Very alertive toward the others in that it has a method to interfere with the others in a negative way (conferes with the aspects of impulsivity and other areas of useful events like your IQ and your cleverness and your level of socialness and how you behave towards the others in general practise and how easily you are sociable with others (easier with some or few people that you are understood and reflected upon). In opposition to the person who has impulse control (disorder) [see: impulse control] their way [those who has impulse controlic behavior] of acting upon their impulses is differented from those with impulse control (disorder) in these ways: They like to act upon their impulses but they do it in a reversed way to what others generally do.

IQ raw: It has to do with how you interact in a more IQ way. Also with yourself. It can be understood by the level of logical thinking in the process of resourcing tablet for sure. Strategic with their research but mistaken prone through writtenness [if high].

IQ raw in the real world for sure, IQ raw by default in the real world & IQ raw as we see it: In the attempts to describe intelligence within the aspect of logical thinking; raw IQ.

IQ raw in how to behaving in the real world … [usage of data]: (created, remove)

IQ raw for sure: Morality concept in general and in practise for sure (created)

IQ raw in default by using new mechanismic needs in order to become a better human being/person for sure in the attempts to create new values in order to create newly … [positioned]: IQ raw in the way to you behave and interact from an intelligence standpoint

IQ raw per default in the way you behave toward the unknown principles of Jesuiath … [the, figure]: How you use IQ to reach through to a conclusion through thinking and behaving (created)

IQ raw by default on how you behave toward the unknown … [the, climate]: In the way you reason about the climate change (created)

IQ raw in the method of use …?: It has to do with values and how you interpret yourself in regard to how you … [moral or morality, conviction]; It has to do with morality towards your values and how you interpret them from a moral standpoint

IQ raw in the methods of usefulness: How you use your person in front of others by behaving in a way that others will accept but has to do with you behaving as you normally do from your normal standards

IQ in the way of behave on your own: It has to do with repetitiveness in your activities and in how you are thinking (which I might have noticed and disgust because it is upbrought too high for me and for a longer time than you think). (not created!).

IQ in new measures [by default, resourcing tablet, the area of interest, by proxied, usage of data(?)]: How you interpret yourself and your behavior during speaking with someone (usually one person.) by looking down upon yourself and how you are or have acted verbally [common in persons with Borderline and agoraphobia and agoraphobic behavior]. (Non-created)

IQ raw in the attempts to behave towards the others and in the general circumstances regarding others in the attempt to behave again: It has to do with how your raw IQ is alternating from higher to lower with the higher being the normal circumstances of IQ. (Created)

Intelligence Score from the resourcing tablet by reason in the attempt to behave more sociable interesting and fluently in general terms like the conversation with others of the reasoning of a clue: You alternate in how you behave and reason around the others and in how you alternate socially within an important conversation. (Created)
How you alternate in IQ between high and low where the high is pro [...] in the new world era and in the context of the reasoning of the reasoning of the tablet …: Created.

IQ raw by default in how you behave toward the resourcing tablet by the mechanism of usage of data in front of a crowd: It has to do with values in these ways, and these ways only: You have to proclaim the victory no matter what in verbal occasions with others that have to do with your level of self-esteem being to high. (Created)

IQ raw-like in the way of how to behave more fluently [...] among a crowd: They tend to use a soft approach in verbal spoken language. They have no interest in meaningless conversations about ordinary things, like; talking about the weather, mean-meant verbality; they might not be as intelligent as they appear or think; they have little risks of developing social phobia and other phobias in general; they view themselves as superior to others in this way: they have not reached through to a conclusion about in which ways they are superior to others due to problems with reaching a conclusion because of a lower probability in terms of understanding wheather their conclusion holds the standards from a logic point of view; they might make a fool out of themself by using plumpy language through verbal and written content of usage of data; they can easily read through hidden social clues like reading gestures; they may have problems with social behavior in front of themself.

In the attempts to reach a conclusion [(per-)by default]: No one understands them because they have problems with perfected behavior because they usually are very intelligent and well educated; they can be missunderstood in social context due to perfected verbal speech that also is hard to read off because of their problematic with how to use verbality more fluently, on purpose or not; they are very organised in everything they do, especially in their routines and flawless writtenness behavior; productivity is on their plus side.

In the attempts to behave more logical in front of the others in the attempts to behave more logical in front of the others [for sure-or not]: poor fine motor skills; they have skills in mathematics and within the sequenced order of numbers [per through logic]; logicity must be rewarded for them otherwise they might not use it; treatens and insults others for personal benefit [not on purpose though]; they want to feel treatened; they want to be alerted about what is happening; they can not express themselfs in fine motoric integrated circumstantional usage of data.

In the attempt to reach through to a conclusion in another way attempt [...]: the level of inviting others in the social context (they want to involve other people into the discussion no matter what); they have problems with perpetrating newly found data [information through numbers] because of slow though processes in the attempts to be bright; they are not bright but can be very clever in the long run; they can see situations as they are in the attempt of reaching through a conclusion.

IQ in the resourcing tablet: In how you reach through to a conclusion during a communication with verbal comments of the higher level of interaction and in the higher levels of speech. You can’t express yourself in any other way than through verbal comments of ambivalence and resourcing tablet and you want to copy the others. You want to be viewn of as a hero in front of the others. (Created)

The resourcing tablet for your [personal integrated, usage of data, leading to]: The Reasoning about something in a negative way per the proclaims that you hate the lower level of discussions due to boredom your way of communicating which leads to the point where you interact in a faster tempo because you have that ability to communicate heavily and more about the irrelevant and boring topics. 

IQ raw-like found in those with mental retardation by the use of drugs and other psychoactive substances: These persons can be mentally retarded due to the abuse of drugs. They have a lower personal integrated look on themselves and they have more problems with reasoning than those without substance use disorder has. Together with drug abuse and the biproducted mental retardation due to it they also could have something called IQ raw [...] brain disturbance described below.

IQ raw by proxied right headed data for sure in the attempts to neglect their level of self-esteem in front of themselves and others … [reasoning issues, usage of data]: None to be explained here.

Mental retardation in a way to reach throught to a conclusion in this way, and this way only: The morality concept is nothing but correct but corrupt in these ways, and these ways only: 

It is hugely potent in that it has to do with values through a positional [the moralic compass, usage of data] right-sided [less activated right side of the brain especially] conclusion and it must involve these characteristics only: The reachment of a conclusion is very low and disturbed but also very messy in that it is very ugly because the retardation is prominent and their moralic compass is hard to find but exists but they do not understand the moral concept due to their mental retardation because it has to do again with values. So they value things differently. They are usually immature and to a certain degree silly through right-sided brain damage, more likely from birth or before the age of 1.

Mental retardation in a way of reaching through to a conclusion, without a hesitence of a doubt by creating new reasoning platforms to create a new pathway to […]: 

It has to do with the how you reach out to the others in the fields of how to use new methods when the previous one missucceeded and they are more unlikely to reach out for help because they can not reach out verbally in a way that others would find appropriate from the situational point of view. They need to reach out with force otherwise they may not be understood for their mistakes or suffering in physical and psychological. This causes drama in front of others, but it is their only way of sharing the physical or psychological pain they suffer from at the moment. They reach out in a non-reachment of a conclusion due to brain damage.
